# This folder contains code for the PCR3BP and Double Pendulum tube analysis.

## This folder contains following sub-folders:
- Functions: This folder contains function file needed by the PCR3BP and double pendulum to calculate periodic orbits, tube manifolds, etc.
- Figures: This folder is used to store the figures generated by the plotting function.
- Results: This folder is used to store the calculation result. Those calculation result will be used to generate figures.
- Image: This folder contains image files needed for plotting.

## The following coding files are used for the analysis of PCR3BP:
- Functions\TubeFunctionTBP.jl: This file contains all the function needed by the PCR3BP.
- TBP_CalculateTubesPO.jl: This file is used to generate the stable and unstable manifold periodic orbits of PCR3BP problem.
- TBP_GeneratePO_Family.jl: This file is used to generate the periodic orbits of PCR3BP at different energy level.
- TBP_GenerateMonoMatrix.jl: This file is used to generate the monodromy matrix for the PCR3BP. This files needs to be run first in order to calculate the manifold of PCR3BP.
- TTBP_CalculateTubes.jl: This file is used to calculate the stable and unstable tube structures of the PCR3BP. Its calculation result is used to plot the homoclinic and heteroclinic orbits shown in Fig.4 and 5 in the paper.

## The folloiwng files are used to generate plots for PCR3BP:
- Plot_TBP_TubePO.jl: This file is used to plot the L1 and L2 periodic orbits of the PCR3BP.
- Plot_TBP_Saddle.jl: This file is used to plot the vector filed of the L1 and L2 saddle of the PCR3BP.
- Plot_TBP_PO_Illustrate.jl: This file is used to illiustrate the L1 and L2 perioidc orbit of the PCR3BP.
- Plot_TBP_PO_Family.jl: This file is used to plot the periodic orbits of the PCR3BP with different energy level.
- Plot_TBP_IllustrateFig.jl: THis file is used to plot the skematic diagram of the PCR3BP. The generated file is used in the Fig.1 of our paper.
- Plot_TBP_EngSurface.jl: This file is used to plot the energy surface of PCR3BP. The generated file is used in Fig.1 of our paper.
- Plot_TBP_CutAnimation.jl: This file is used to generate the animation of the energy surface at different energy level set.
- Plot_TBP_HillsRegion.jl: This file is used to plot the Hill's region of the PCR3BP. The generated figures are used in Fig.1.
- Plot_TBP_Manifold.jl: THis file is used to plot the tube structures in the PCR3BP. The generated figures are used in Fig.3 and 4 of our paper.
- Plot_TBP_Homoclinic_Poincare.jl: This file is used to plot the Poincare section of homoclinic orbits of PCR3BP.
- Plot_TBP_GetHomoclinicL1.jl: This file is used to plot the L1 homoclinic orbits of the PCR3BP. The generated files are used in Fig.3 and 4 of our paper.
- Plot_TBP_GetHomoclinicL2.jl: This file is used to plot the L2 homoclinic orbits of the PCR3BP. The generated files are used in Fig.3 and 4 of our paper.
- Plot_TBP_GetHeteroclinic.jl: This file is used to plot the heteroclinic orbits of the PCR3BP. The generated files are used in Fig.3 and 4 of our paper.

## The following coding files are used in the analysis of the double pendulum's periodic, homoclinic, and heteroclinic ortbis.
- TubeFunctionDP.jl: This file contains all the necessary functions needed to calculate the perioid, homoclinic, heteroclinic ornits of the double pendulum.
- DoublePendulumSymbolicCalculation.m: This file is used to calculate the ODEs of the double pendulum.
- DPE_Calculate2PiPO_DownUp.jl: This file is used to calculate the initial conditions of the special 2 Pi periodic orbits of the Down-Up position. This periodic orbit corresponse to the one we show in Fig.9 of our paper.
- DPE_Calculate2PiPO_UpDown.jl: This file is used to calculate the initial conditions of the special 2 Pi periodic orbits of the Up-Down position. This periodic orbit corresponse to the one we show in Fig.11 of our paper.
- DPE_CalculateTubePO.jl: This file is used to calculate the periodic orbits of the double pendulum. Those periodic orbits' motion are shown in Fig.6 of our paper.
- DPE_CalculateTubes.jl: This file is used to calculate the tube structures shown in Fig.7 and Fig.9 of our paper.
- DPE_CalculateTubesHeteroclinic.jl: This file is used to calculate the tube structures that generate the heteroclinic orbits shown in Fig.12 of our paper.
- DPE_Generate_PO_Family.jl: This file is used to generate a family of periodic orbit for double pendulum at different energy level. It's result is used to plot the Fig.6 of our paper.
- DPE_HeteroclinicTubeInc.jl: This file is used to generate the initial conditions that are used to simulate the tube structures. Its results are used in "DPE_HeteroclinicPoint.jl".
- DPE_HeteroclinicPoint.jl: This file is used to calculate and plot the heteroclinic orbits of double pendulum. Its result is used to plot the Fig.12 and 13 of our paper.
- DPE_HeteroclinicPoint_SecondCut.jl: This file is used to simulate the unstable tube of the double pendulum, until it hits the theta1=theta2 Poincare plane with negative velocity. Its result is used to plot the Fig.17 of our paper.
- DPE_L1_Homoclinic_SecondCut.jl: This file is used to simulate the unstable tube of the double pendulum's L1 tube structures until it hit theta2=4Pi plane. It can be used to numerically prove the existence of the long homoclinic orbit. Its result is used to generate the Fig.16 of our paper.
- DPE_L2_Homoclinic_SecondCut.jl: This file is used to simulate the unstable tube of the double pendulum's L2 tube structures until it hit theta1=4Pi plane. It can be used to numerically prove the existence of the long homoclinic orbit.
- DPE_Swipe_L1_TubeEng.jl: This file is used to plot the intersections of the stable and unstable Down-Up tubes at different energy levels. Its results are used to plot the Fig.8 of our paper.
- DPE_Swipe_L2_TubeEng.jl: This file is used to plot the intersections of the stable and unstable Up-Down tubes at different energy levels.

## The folloiwng files are used to generate plots for double pendulum:
- Plot_EDP_EngSurface.jl: This file is used to plot the energy surface of the double pendulum. The generated plots are used in Fig.1 and 2 of our paper.
- Plot_EDP_HeteroPointcareFirstCut.jl: This file is used to plot the intersection of stable and unstable tubes of the double pendulum at theta1=theta2 Poincare plane. The generated plots are used in Fig.12 of the paper.
- Plot_EDP_L1_Homoclinic.jl: This file is used to plot and generate the animation of the double pendulum's homoclinic orbits at the Down-Up position. The generated plots are used in Fig.7 of our paper.
- Plot_EDP_L1_Poincare.jl: This file is used to plot the Poincare section of the double pendulum's Down-Up tubes. The generated plots are used in Fig.7 of our paper.
- Plot_EDP_L2_Homoclinic.jl: This file is used to plot and generate the animation of the double pendulum's homoclinic orbits at the Up-Down position. The generated plots are used in Fig.10 of our paper.
- Plot_EDP_L2_Poincare.jl: This file is used to plot the Poincare section of the double pendulum's Up-Down tubes. The generated plots are used in Fig.10 of our paper.
- Plot_EDP_L1_Tube_Intersection_ColorWheel_CounterClockWiseRotation.jl: This file is used to generate figures for Fig.9 of our paper.
- Plot_EDP_L2_Tube_Intersection_ColorWheel.jl: This file is used to generate figures for Fig.11 of our paper.
- Plot_EDP_L1_Tubes_3D.jl: This file is used to plot the tube structures of the Down-Up saddle in 3D. The resulting plots are used in Fig.7 of our paper. 
- Plot_EDP_L2_Tubes_3D.jl: This file is used to plot the tube structures of the Up-Down saddle in 3D. The resulting plots are used in Fig.10 of our paper. 
- Plot_EDP_Swipe_L1_TubeEng.jl: This file is used to plot the Poincare section of Down-Up tubes at different energy level. Its resulting figures are used in Fig.8 of our paper.
- Plot_EDP_Swipe_L2_TubeEng.jl: This file is used to plot the Poincare section of Up-Down tubes at different energy level.




